Access Control Lists

The assignment is to add access control lists to the object store.
To do this, you will add three new commands:

	objsetacl -u username -g groupname objname
	objgetacl -u username -g groupname objname
	objtestacl -u username -g groupname -a access objname

These set an ACL, retrieve an ACL, and test if a certain kind of
access is permitted.

The objsetacl command reads an ACL from stdin.  The form is identical
to that discussed in class: 0 or lines of the following syntax.

	user.group    ops

The possible "ops" are r, w, x, p, and v.  "p" is "permissions"; you need
"p" permission to change an ACL.  "v" is "view"; you must have "v"
permission to view an ACL for a file.  Note that objsetacl replaces the current
ACL; there is no command to add or delete entries from one.

The objgetacl command writes an object's ACL to stdout.

objtestacl is the interesting one, of course, since it tests file permissions.
It should output the single word "allowed" or "denied".

For all of these commands, the -u username and -g groupname are the values to
be compared against the ACL when deciding if permission should be granted
or denied.  You will need to add a -g option to objget and objput; those commands
should also check permissions.

Pgm0 specified that each user had a separate name space.  Here, though,
you want to be able to reference other users' objects.  Accordingly,
objname needs an extended syntax: you can refer to a different user's
objects via

	username+objname

The heart of this assignment is, of course, the permission-checking.

Implementation hint 1: It is perfectly reasonable to either store objects
in a single directory with that as the filename.  It is also reasonable
to have a subdirectory for each user, and store the objects there.  Your
choice; both work.

Implementation hint 2: If you choose to use other objects to store
ACLs, remember that these must be objects, not files.  More specifically,
any code you use to read or write them must go through the object store
routines.

Implemenation hint 3: For simplicity, when a new object is create
by some user u, create an initial ACL of

	u.*	rwxpv
